## Robotics and Autonomous Systems <span id="RAS" class="scroll-mt-44"></span>

The *Robotics and Autonomous Systems* (RAS) portfolio focuses on enabling lethality for Warfighters under the stress of combat. RAS team members build systems that automate and inform battlefield tasks that Soldiers perform, helping them to achieve missions and survive using the latest robotic assets available. RAS solutions both try to extract the maximum value out of existing Army systems and, where not possible, create new ones supported by sound AI, software, and hardware. Whether RAS solutions employ existing or novel systems, the RAS team focuses on making every capability a Soldier might touch effective, intuitive, and relatively low-cost to ensure rapid adoption for the largest number of Warfighters possible.

## Operations and Intelligence <span id="O&I" class="scroll-mt-44"></span> 

The *Operations and Intelligence* (O&I) portfolio bears the responsibility of constructing applications designed to assist command post operations and intelligence staff teams across all echelons. This team forms the intersection of technology, strategy, and information, driving the development of applications that streamline processes and enhance the decision-making capabilities of our operational and intelligence teams. The O&I portfolio specializes in developing and building applications for command post operations and intelligence staff teams across all echelons of leadership. These applications aim to enhance operational efficiency, improve data management, facilitate real-time communication, and enable faster, more informed decision-making.

## Soldiers and Sustainment <span id="S&S" class="scroll-mt-44"></span>

The *Soldiers and Sustainment* (S&S) portfolio focuses on the development of applications to provide predictive analysis in support of talent management, training performance and unit readiness of equipment and personnel. This section provides predictive maintenance analysis for Army ground and aviation equipment and predictive analysis in support of Army Recruiting, Initial Military Training and Army Maintenance personnel. These applications are built to streamline and enhance data collection, data management, and unit processes related to recruitment, readiness, ultimately the commander's ability to track, assess and predict the future readiness of their unit. This portfolio builds functional prototypes for commanders, their staff and Soldiers to improve unit operations and identify the relevant operational use cases for Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning to forecast the future state of unit readiness, identify and quantify operational risk to equipment and personnel and potentially recommended actions to mitigate the identified operational risk.

## Cyber and Special Operations Forces (SOF) <span id="S&C" class="scroll-mt-44"></span>

The *Cyber and Special Operations Forces* (C-SOF) portfolio is dedicated to developing functional prototype applications in the specialized areas of cybersecurity and special operations. This team's work intersects with some of the most advanced and rapidly evolving fields in modern defense, creating solutions that enhance our capabilities in these crucial domains. Their responsibilities in the realm of cybersecurity involve creating systems that protect against cyber threats, ensuring the safety and integrity of our data and digital resources. In terms of special operations, they develop applications to support strategic planning, execution, and post-operation analysis.

## Infrastructure and Platforms <span id="I&P" class="scroll-mt-44"></span>

The *Infrastructure and Platforms* (I&P) portfolio is responsible for ensuring that all AI2C personnel have the necessary hardware and software tools for their development work. This section serves as the backbone of our operations, providing the necessary resources that enable all other aspects of our AI endeavors to function effectively. The I&P portfolio focuses on coordinating the software development platforms and pipelines that the portfolios require to execute their research and development activities. The I&P portfolio also maintains and coordinates deployment platforms with mission partners so that AI2C projects are effectively developed with the appropriate system testing and user feedback. The I&P is responsible for software and hardware infrastructure from the cloud to the edge.

## Foundations and Theory <span id="F&T" class="scroll-mt-44"></span>

The *Foundations and Theory* (F&T) portfolio is responsible for defining foundational concepts and bringing state-of-the-art research and theory into AI2C product development teams. This portfolio is also responsible for continuing education and execution of the AI2C workforce development program. Members of the F&T section bring subject matter expertise to development teams, drive AI2C's research activities, and generate knowledge for AI2C. They assist the other portfolios to build prototypes for products based on current state-of-the-art research. Members of F&T are responsible for finding research questions that arise from the other portfolios' prototype development and scoping the research to answer those questions. Members will not only conduct research activities internally, but also work with and through academic partners to research these problems. Finally, the F&T portfolio maintains administrative responsibility for AI2C's workforce education programs. This includes both education and on the job training to produce a skilled AI workforce.